IoT is GA! (#9821)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/_index.md

For more information, see the [Serverless billing page][5] and the [Datadog Pricing page][6].

### IoT

> Datadog meters the count of IoT devices hourly. The billable count of IoT devices is calculated at the end of the month using the maximum count (high-water mark) of the lower 99 percent of usage for those hours. We exclude the top 1% to reduce the impact of spikes in usage on your bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog meters the count of IoT devices hourly. The billable count of IoT devices is calculated at the end of the month using the maximum count (high-water mark) of the lower 99 percent of usage for those hours, excluding the top 1% to reduce the impact of spikes in usage on your bill.
```

Removing "we", but not sure if this is eloquent enough?
